Do Not Track Compliance Policy

Version 1.0

This domain complies with user opt-outs from tracking via the "Do Not Track" or "DNT" header [http://www.w3.org/TR/tracking-dnt/]. This file will always be posted via HTTPS at https://terminal-hacker.example.com/.well-known/dnt-policy.txt to indicate this fact.

SCOPE

This policy document allows Terminal Hacker to declare that it respects Do Not Track as a meaningful privacy opt-out of tracking, by explaining how we comply with DNT for the version of the policy published at the domain.

TRACKING DEFINITIONS

"Tracking" means the collection of data regarding a particular user's activity across multiple distinct contexts and by multiple parties in a manner that can be correlated to a particular user, user agent, or device.

"User" means a natural person, or a device that represents a natural person.

"User agent" means any of the various client programs capable of accessing Web resources, including but not limited to browsers, spiders (web-based robots), command-line tools, native applications, and mobile apps.

"Device" means a physical piece of equipment or a virtual machine instance used by a user or user agent to access the Web.

"Context" means a set of resources that are controlled by the same party or jointly controlled by a set of parties.

"Party" means an operator of a Web site or other resource, or a context.

"First party" means the party that owns or exercises control over the Web site or other resource that the user agent is accessing.

"Third party" means any party other than the first party or the user.

"DNT" means the Do Not Track HTTP header field described in the W3C's Tracking Preference Expression draft: http://www.w3.org/TR/tracking-dnt/

COMPLIANCE

When we receive the DNT:1 header from any user, we will:

1. Stop collecting data about that user that could be correlated with their activities across multiple distinct contexts and by multiple parties.
2. Stop sharing data about that user with other parties, except those that are necessary for either:
   a) Completing a first-party transaction
   b) Providing a service explicitly requested by the user
3. Stop using or transferring data about that user for any purpose other than those for which we received prior, explicit consent.
4. Stop using or transferring data about that user's activities for any behavioral advertising or profiling purpose.

EXCEPTIONS

The only exceptions to this policy are:

1. When we have received prior, explicit consent from the user to ignore the DNT signal
2. When collection and sharing of data is necessary for security purposes
3. When collection of data is necessary for basic site functionality
4. When required by law

CONTACT

For any questions about this policy, please contact:
privacy@terminal-hacker.example.com 